Dear authors,

We are reviewing the use of muons in your analysis. Please find a few
questions below.

Best regards,
Raffaella and Daniele

-------------------------------------
Muon trigger
- Please use (HLT_Mu50 OR HLT_TkMu50), rather than just HLT_Mu50 as you are
currently doing. This is the Muon POG recommendation for 2016 data. There
is no downside in adding HLT_TkMu50, and you will actually benefit from a
higher trigger efficiency and smaller uncertainties. By the way, the
trigger corrections you are using are likely for the combination of the two
paths, because the POG did not provide official results for the two paths
individually. The 5% uncertainty you quote seems reasonable on average,
provided that you add the TkMu trigger.

- Note that the official Muon POG scale factors for (HLT_Mu50 OR
HLT_TkMu50) are computed with respect to HighPt muons with track-based
isolation, so in principle they are not suitable for your muons (Tight ID
and PF combined isolation). I wouldn't expect very big differences, but
some check is still advisable. For instance, have you checked the
difference between (HighPt ID+track iso) and (Tight ID+PF iso) for your
signal? At least that should help you gauge the level of difference to
expect, and if it's covered by your uncertainty.

- One minor point: do you match the trigger object firing your paths to the
leading muon in the event, to make sure that the leading muon is indeed the
one triggering? I'm asking because your signal may include a second muon.
Although it's generally softer, it might still trigger sometimes. So
without trigger matching, your corrections would become more complicated.

Muon ID
- In the AN you quote an uncertainty of 2% in the ID+isolation. But if I
understand well from the pre-approval talk, you now decided to increase it
to 5%. Is that the case? If so, I think it's a good idea, given that
average pT of your muons. Please update the AN accordingly.

Muon momentum scale and resolution
- You don't mention any uncertainties in the muon momentum scale and
resolution. However, these can be very important at high pT, especially
with the 2016 data set, and would affect directly the LQ mass peak that you
use in the limit setting. Unfortunately there are no straightforward
numbers we can point you to. We would suggest you to take a look at the
studies performed within the Zprime analysis and try to derive some
reasonable uncertainties from there:
http://cms.cern.ch/iCMS/jsp/db_notes/noteInfo.jsp?cmsnoteid=CMS%20AN-2016/391

We can discuss together the best approach to take here. Don't hesitate to
contact us if you have doubts.